Pegasus:
AH, THE RAINBOW DRAGON TABLET.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ELUDED
MY DETECTION ALL THESE YEARS.
MR. PEGASUS,
AS YOU REQUESTED,
HERE IS YOUR CYBER
DESIGN INTERFACE
AND VIRTUAL
SIMULATOR.
Pegasus: NOW,
MY DEAR RAINBOW DRAGON,
WITH YOUR HELP, WE WILL BE ABLE
TO RETURN JADEN
AND THE REST OF DUEL ACADEMY
TO OUR WORLD.
HOW I'VE WAITED FOR THIS MOMENT.
IT'S TIME TO FINALLY
MAKE THIS CARD A REALITY.
Zane: ALL RIGHT, JESSE.
I HOPE YOU'RE READY TO DUEL.
Jesse:
YOU KNOW IT.
NOW, REMEMBER
WHAT EISENSTEIN SAID.
THIS DUEL HAS TO CREATE
ENOUGH DUEL ENERGY
TO EXPAND THE PORTAL
BETWEEN OUR TWO WORLDS
SO THAT WE CAN SEND YOU
THE RAINBOW DRAGON CARD.
LET'S GET
OUR GAME ON.
[THINKING]
OH, I'M TOO LATE.
MARCEL ALREADY HAS
THE SACRED BEAST CARDS.
I BETTER GO FIND HIM.
AH. HE MUST'VE ESCAPED
THROUGH THERE.
WONDER WHERE THIS LEADS TO.
WHERE AM I? HUH?
HELLO, JADEN.
TRESPASSING, ARE WE?
YOU KNOW THIS OFFICE
IS OFF-LIMITS
TO STUDENTS, DON'T YOU?
NOT YOU, TOO.
I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE.
HA HA HA!
THERE'S NOWHERE
TO RUN, JADEN.
HA HA HA!
Banner: JADEN.
PROFESSOR BANNER.
YOU MUST GET
TO THE TENNIS COURT.
YOUR FRIENDS HAVE FOUND
A WAY BACK HOME.
OH, LET'S GO.
I HATE THAT CAT.
WATCH OUT! AAH!
[SCREECH]
AAH!
LATER, CROWLER.
I GOT THE WORLD TO SAVE.
[THINKING] SO, JADEN'S GONNA
TRY TO SAVE THE WORLD...AGAIN.
THAT'S TOO BAD
BECAUSE THE ONLY ONE
WHO IS GOING TO NEED
ANY SAVING IS HIM.
MWAH HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Pegasus: AREN'T YOU JUST
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING
I'VE EVER CREATED?
I THINK A DAB OF BLUE
WILL REALLY BALANCE
THIS COLOR SCHEME OUT.
OH, YES. THIS IS MAGNIFIQUE.
ALL IT NEEDS
IS A FEW FINISHING TOUCHES,
AND VOILA.
OH, YES.
IT'S WONDERFUL.
EVERYONE,
THE RAINBOW DRAGON CARD
HAS BEEN COMPLETED.
GET IT TO EISENSTEIN.
I'M ON IT.
TRANSMITTING.
Man: PROFESSOR,
WE'RE RECEIVING THE DATA
FOR THE RAINBOW
DRAGON CARD.
OH, EGGZELENT.
NOW, HAVE ZEM TRANSFER
ZHIS IMAGE TO A CARD
RIGHT AWAY.
[THINKING]
I HOPE ZHAT JESSE
CAN KEEP UP WITH ZANE.
Eisenstein: ATTENTION.
VE HAVE ZHE RAINBOW DRAGON.
NOW YOU BOTH MUST DUEL
LIKE YOU'VE NEVER DUELED BEFORE.
REALIZE, SHOULD EIZHER ONE
OF YOU FORFEIT OR DROP OUT,
ZHE PORTAL VILL BE LOST,
AND SO VILL THE CHANCES
OF YOU GETTING HOME.
HMM.
YOU READY?
MORE THAN EVER.
THEN LET'S DO THIS.
I PLAY THE SPELL
GRACEFUL CHARITY,
WHICH ALLOWS ME TO DRAW
3 CARDS FROM MY DECK,
AND IN RETURN,
I SEND TWO CARDS
FROM MY HAND TO THE GRAVE.
NOW I SUMMON
PROTO-CYBER DRAGON,
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL OVERLOAD FUSION.
THIS ALLOWS ME TO REMOVE
ANY FUSION-MATERIAL MONSTERS
FROM MY FIELD
OR GRAVEYARD.
THEN I CAN SUMMON
A MACHINE-TYPE MONSTER.
THAT'S
QUITE THE MOVE.
JESSE SURE HAS HIS WORK
CUT OUT FOR HIM.
BY REMOVING PROTO-CYBER,
CYBER PHOENIX,
AND CYBER OUROBOROS,
I CAN THEN SUMMON
CHIMERATECH OVERDRAGON.
BY SACRIFICING
THOSE 3 MONSTERS,
MY CHIMERATECH
GAINS 800 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH ONE,
FOR A TOTAL
OF 2,400 POINTS,
BUT IT DOESN'T
STOP THERE.
MY OVERDRAGON
CAN NOW ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY
3 TIMES PER ROUND.
UM, DID YOU SAY
3 ATTACKS PER ROUND?
AND THERE'S MORE.
BY REMOVING MY OUROBOROS
FROM PLAY,
I CAN SEND A CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD AND DRAW.
I PLAY FUTURE FUSION.
WITH THIS,
IF I SEND FUSION MONSTERS
OVER TO MY GRAVEYARD,
WHEN I'M IN MY SECOND
STANDBY PHASE,
I CAN THEN SUMMON
CYBER END DRAGON.
ZANE SURE IS KEEPING UP
HIS END OF THE BARGAIN.
NOW IT'S UP TO JESSE.
HOPE HE'S READY
'CAUSE IF HE DOESN'T FIGHT BACK,
WE MIGHT NOT BE ABLE
TO GET HIM BACK.
CRIKEY. THIS
ZANE FELLA'S
ONE BAD DINGO.
"BAD DINGO?"
HONESTLY.
I REALLY THINK YOU MAKE ALL
THIS STUFF UP AS YOU GO ALONG.
I HOPE JESSE IS UP
FOR THIS DUEL.
HE BEST BE.
HEY, STOP WORRYING
ABOUT JESSE.
WE GOTTA MAKE SURE
NO GHOULS GET IN.
Hassleberry:
YOU GOT IT.
I GOTTA HAND IT
TO YA, ZANE.
YA SEE, I HEARD
YOU WERE GOOD,
BUT SO FAR, YOU'VE
BEEN GREAT.
YOUR CYBER
END DRAGON
IS GONNA BE
QUITE THE CHALLENGE.
HOPE YOU DON'T LOSE
BEFORE I GET A CHANCE
TO TAKE IT DOWN.
HOW DARE YOU
TALK TO ME THAT WAY?
HOPE THAT DECK OF YOURS
CAN BACK IT UP.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF.
YOU WANT IT?
THEN YOU GOT IT.
I SUMMON CRYSTAL BEAST
AMETHYST CAT.
AND NOW I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
CRYSTAL RELEASE,
WHICH GIVES MY KITTY
SOME EXTRA CLAWS,
AS IN 800 ADDITIONAL
ATTACK POINTS,
AND CHECK THIS OUT.
THANKS TO HER
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IF I SLICE
HER ATTACK POINTS,
SHE'S ALLOWED
TO ATTACK RIGHT NOW.
[SCREECHES]
HMM.
Man on radio:
PROFESSOR,
THE RAINBOW DRAGON
CARD IS READY.
IT'S BEING LOADED INTO
A MISSILE AS WE SPEAK.
GUT. IZ ZHAIR ANY CHANGE
IN ZHE SIZE OF THE ZHE PORTAL?
BASED ON PRELIMINARY
READINGS,
EVERYTHING
IS THE SAME,
NOTHING
HAS BEEN ALTERED.
ZHAY MUST
RAISE THEIR GAME.
VE NEED MORE
DUELING ENERGY,
ZO ZHEY MUSN'T
HOLD BACK.
IF THEY DON'T INCREASE
ZHAIR INTENSITY,
ZHE PORTAL
WILL CLOSE.
I PLAY THIS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
PLEASE. I DOUBT
ANY FACEDOWN YOU HAVE
CAN STOP THIS.
I FUSE MY CYBER DARK HORN,
DARK KEEL, AND DARK EDGE,
AND NOW I'LL CREATE
CYBER DARK DRAGON.
WITH HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IF THERE'S A DRAGON
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
HE CAN ABSORB
ITS ATTACK POINTS,
SO THAT MEANS
CYBER DARK DRAGON'S
STRENGTH INTENSIFIES,
AND THEN FOR EVERY
MONSTER IN MY GRAVE,
HE GAINS ANOTHER
100 POINTS,
SO MY DRAGON
GETS EVEN STRONGER.
CYBER DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK WITH
DARK CYBER STREAM.
AAH!
RGH!
UH!
AAH!
HANG TOUGH,
JESSE.
AAH!
WHAT
AN ENERGY SPIKE.
UP THERE.
WHAT IS IT?
HUH?
Bastion: THAT ATTACK
HAS TRIGGERED SOMETHING.
THE PORTAL.
I BELIEVE IT LOOKS
AS THOUGH IT'S
BEGINNING TO WIDEN.
[PANTING]
WITH MY AMEYTHYST CAT
DESTROYED,
IT BECOMES
A CRYSTAL IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
AND 'CAUSE CYBER DARK
DRAGON ALSO TOOK OUT
CRYSTAL RELEASE,
I'M ALLOWED
TO SEARCH MY DECK
FOR ANOTHER CRYSTAL...
LIKE RUBY.
THOSE WON'T HELP.
NOTHING CAN STOP MY ATTACKS.
AFTER ALL,
YOU'RE WIDE OPEN.
CHIMERATECH OVERDRAGON,
ATTACK.
HUH.
THIS SURE
WON'T BE PRETTY.
DON'T FORGET, THIS ATTACK
IS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
PROFESSOR BANNER,
AREN'T THE TENNIS COURTS
THE OTHER WAY?
WHERE EXACTLY
ARE YOU TAKING US?
Banner: DON'T FOLLOW ME.
I'M STUCK INSIDE A CAT.
HUH?
SO, WHERE'S PHARAOH
TAKING US?
[MEOW]
TO A FISH? HUH?
HELLO AGAIN.
IT'S RUDE TO RUN OFF.
CROWLER, LISTEN.
WE'RE--HUH?
DUEL...
I GUESS I'M JUST
GONNA HAVE TO TEACH
YOU SOME MANNERS.
YOU AND WHAT ARMY?
DUEL...
Jaden: OH, THAT ARMY.
HEH HEH HEH!
HA HA HA!
OH...
OH!
BETTER GET
YOUR GAME ON, JAY,
OR YOU'LL BE LONG GONE.
Jaden: EASY NOW, FELLAS.
LOOKS LIKE I'M GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL MY WAY OUT OF THIS.
HUH? WHOA!
UH! OHH! HUH?
BONAPARTE?
JADEN, THERE'S
A SECRET WAY OUT.
A NETWORK OF
UNDERGROUND PIPING
LEADS OUT
OF THIS ROOM.
UH, BUT WHERE
DOES IT LEAD TO?
IT LEADS TO
THE TENNIS COURTS,
WHERE THE REST
OF YOUR FRIENDS ARE.
YOU MUST HURRY.
NOW, I'LL STAY BEHIND
AND MAKE SURE
NO DUEL GHOULS
FOLLOW YOU
BACK THERE.
BE CAREFUL.
IF THIS ATTACK HITS JESSE,
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
Jesse: NOT SO FAST.
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN
CRYSTAL PAIR.
Jesse: SORRY, ZANE,
BUT WITH TWO CRYSTALS
ON THE FIELD,
MY CRYSTAL PAIR
TRAP CARD
CANCELS YOUR ATTACK.
IT ALSO LETS ME PICK OUT
ANOTHER CRYSTAL.
NOT A BAD COMBO.
Hassleberry:
NOT BAD AT ALL.
WAY TO GO, JESSE.
HUH?
DUEL GHOULS.
WE CAN'T LET 'EM
STOP THIS MATCH.
Zane: WE DON'T HAVE
THE DUEL ENERGY WE NEED.
BUY US SOME TIME.
HMM.
HUH!
AGH!
HMPH.
Hassleberry: WE NEED
TO BUY US A MIRACLE.
DUEL...
Axel: YEAH?
WELL, I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT, HASSELBERRY.
I DON'T HAVE ANY MIRACLES,
BUT MAYBE THIS WILL DO.
Axel:
IF YA CAN'T STAND THE HEAT,
THEN GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN.
HEH!
UH! HUH?
AGH! HUH?
ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO DEAL OUT
A LITTLE DINO DEFENSE.
GO, BLACK STEGO!
THE PERIMETER'S SECURE,
BUT FOR HOW LONG,
I JUST DON'T KNOW.
IT'S STILL MY GO,
SO I SUMMON
CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
WE SLAY SOME DRAGONS?
YOU READ MY MIND.
NOW SHOW 'EM
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF
N' DO YOUR THING,
AND, ZANE, IN CASE
YOU DIDN'T KNOW IT,
WHEN MY PEGASUS IS
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD,
ANOTHER CRYSTAL GETS
SUMMONED, AS WELL,
LIKE SO,
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
RUBY CARBUNCLE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SEE, WHEN
HE'S IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON EACH OF THE
CRYSTAL BEASTS
THAT ARE THERE,
AS WELL.
EEH!
GO,
RUBY RAMPAGE.
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
AMETHYST CAT,
EMERALD TURTLE,
AND AMBER MAMMOTH...
AND FINALLY,
I'LL THROW DOWN
A COUPLE OF FACEDOWNS.
NICE MOVE.
NOW, THIS IS WHAT I WAS
HOPING FOR--A CHALLENGE.
NOW PREPARE YOURSELF.
THIS IS THE MOMENT
YOU'VE BEEN EAGERLY AWAITING.
WITH THE EFFECT
OF FUTURE FUSION,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
CYBER END DRAGON.
UH...
HUH?
LOOK OUT.
OHH...
HUH.
[ROARS]
ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO SEE
HOW GOOD I AM.
CYBER END?
UH, JESSE, I THINK
I NEED TO CHANGE MY SHELL.
OK. THAT'S
JUST GROSS.
NOW ALL OF Y'ALL
LISTEN UP.
I GOT MYSELF
A STRATEGY
THAT'S GONNA
PROTECT US ALL
FROM THAT THING,
AND IT STARTS
WITH THIS--
MY CRYSTAL FORTRESS.
YA SEE, WHEN THIS
TRAP CARD IS ACTIVATED,
EACH CRYSTAL BEAST
THAT I HAVE ON THE FIELD
IS COUNTED
AS 1,000 POINTS.
WHEN TOTALED,
ANY MONSTER
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS
CAN'T ATTACK.
SO, JESSE'S SAFE
FROM ZANE'S DRAGON.
ASTER,
LET ME REDEFINE
THE DEFINITION
OF "SAFE" FOR YOU.
NOW I CAST POWER LOAD.
THANKS TO THIS SPELL,
MY CYBER END DRAGON
GAINS 400 POINTS
FOR EACH ATTACK
THAT MY CHYMERATECH
AND CYBER DARK DRAGON
COULD MAKE,
SO WITH AN EXTRA
1,600 ATTACK POINTS,
CYBER END
IS STRONG ENOUGH
TO SEND A LITTLE
FURY YOUR WAY.
YOU CAME CLOSE TO PUTTING
AN END TO MY DRAGON.
TOO BAD YOU
AND YOUR CRYSTALS
CAME UP SHORT.
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR CRYSTAL FORTRESS
IS ABOUT TO BE CONQUERED.
AH! NOT GOOD.
THIS SHOULD PROVIDE A NICE
LITTLE SPIKE IN DUEL ENERGY.
HERE IT IS--
CYBER END DRAGON
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE.
SAVE ME, JESSE.
YOU'RE GONNA BE OK
'CAUSE I'M PLAYIN'
AMBER CRYSTAL CIRCLE.
YOU SEE,
WHEN AMBER MAMMOTH
IS ATTACKED
AND THIS TRAP
IS PLAYED,
HIS ATTACK POINTS GET
PUMPED UP TO THE NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS
THE REST
OF MY BEASTS TOTAL,
AND THAT GIVES HIM
THE SAME STRENGTH
AS YOUR CYBER END
DRAGON'S ATTACK.
AAH!
AH!
UH!
Eisenstein: ZHE PORTAL!
Bastion:
IT'S BEGINNING TO WIDEN.
Eisenstein:
IT'S VERKING.
ZANE UND JESSE HAVE CREATED
ENOUGH DUEL ENERGY
TO VIDEN THE PORTAL.
THE READING'S
GETTING STRONGER.
GET READY.
WE MUST DEPLOY ZHE MISSILE
CONTAINING THE RAINBOW DRAGON
BEFORE ZHE PORTAL
DISAPPEARS.
SEND IT THROUGH
ON MY MARK.
Man: WE'RE LOCKED
ON THE TARGET.
ZHEN FIRE.
THE MISSILE HAS LAUNCHED
SUCCESSFULLY.
NOW VE VAIT
AND HOPE IT FINDS
ITS VAY TO DHEM.
AAH!
AW!
THE POWER SURGE
IS SHORT-CIRCUITING
THE CONSOLE.
WELL-PLAYED, JESSE.
AH!
BASTION...
IS THAT...
IT IS.
THE DRAGON. RIGHT.
WE SEE THE MISSILE.
ONCE WE ACQUIRE
THE CARD,
HOW DO WE
TRIGGER THE POWER
OF THE RAINBOW DRAGON
TO WIDEN THE PORTAL?
THE CARD MUST BE...
WITH ENERGY.
DEAR ME, SOMEONE
PLEASE COME IN.
AH!
HUH?
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I HAD IN MIND.
UH, GUYS, DOES ANYBODY
KNOW OF ANOTHER WAY
OUT OF HERE?
NOPE.
THE ONLY WAY OUT'S
THROUGH THEM.
HUH? BASTION,
UP THERE.
AH.
DUEL...
DUEL GHOULS.
BY THE LOOKS
OF THINGS,
I GUESS WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL OUR WAY OUT.
HUH? RRGH! AAH!
NEOS!
WHERE'D HE
COME FROM?
JADEN?
ALL RIGHT.
HUH.
WHAT'S UP,
EVERYBODY?
I THINK WE JUST FOUND
OUR WAY OUT, GUYS.
I FEEL IT'S TIME
FOR A CHANGE OF SCENERY...
SO I'LL PLAY
MY HOUSE OF SAND FIELD SPELL.
AND NOW TO GET EVEN.
I KNOW IT WAS
YOUR DECISION, JADEN,
TO SEAL ME UP AND SEND ME AWAY,
BUT WE WERE DESTINED
TO BE REUNITED.
I KNOW YOU NEVER WANTED
TO SEE ME AGAIN,
BUT FATE HAD
A DIFFERENT PLAN FOR US.
IT WAS GIVING ME
A SECOND CHANCE,
PROVIDING ME WITH PROTECTION
AND A RENEWED HOPE
OF SEEING YOU AGAIN.
HA HA HA!
AND WHEN I SEE YOU,
REVENGE WILL BE ALL MINE.
Jesse: JADEN, WHERE
IN TARNATIONS ARE WE?
Jaden: I'M NOT
EXACTLY SURE.
IT'S SOME SORT
OF UNDERGROUND
TUNNEL SYSTEM.
LOOKS LIKE IT
GOES ON FOREVER.
HOW DID YOU
FIND IT?
YEAH, JAY.
WHAT MADE YOU COME DOWN
HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE?
BONAPARTE.
HE SHOWED IT TO ME
WHEN HE RESCUED ME
FROM CROWLER.
CROWLER?
HUH?
OH, NO. IF THEY'VE GOT HIM,
WE'RE DONE FOR.
NO, WE'RE NOT.
NOW, YOU CAN'T START
THINKING LIKE THAT.
WE MADE IT THIS FAR,
DIDN'T WE?
WE JUST NEED
THAT CARD.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE FIGURED OUT A WAY
TO GET HOME.
PEGASUS WAS ABLE TO CREATE
THE RAINBOW DRAGON CARD,
AND IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE
TO GET US BACK TO OUR WORLD.
WELL, DID HE
GET IT TO YOU?
MM-HMM.
HE SENT IT TO US
IN A MISSILE
THROUGH
AN INTER-DIMENSIONAL
PORTAL,
AND WITH THE POWER
OF THE CARD,
WE'LL WIDEN THAT PORTAL
TO GET US ALL HOME,
RIGHT, BASTION?
AH.
[THINKING] OF COURSE,
WE DON'T KNOW WHERE THE CARD IS
OR EVEN HOW TO USE IT,
AND WITH THE TRANSMISSION
TO EISENSTEIN LOST,
WE MAY NEVER KNOW.
Jesse:
WELL, THEN WHAT
ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S FIND THAT
DRAGON AND GET HOME.
[FEEDBACK]
Marcel on P.A.:
HELLO, JADEN.
I WANTED TO APPLAUD YOU FOR
ELUDING MY GHOULS ALL THIS TIME.
I NEVER THOUGHT YOU'D LAST,
BUT I THINK ENOUGH IS ENOUGH,
SO IF YOU'D LIKE TO SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL,
MEET ME
IN FRONT OF DUEL ACADEMY.
NOW, IF YOU WIN,
I'LL RELEASE ALL THE STUDENTS
FROM MY CONTROL,
BUT SHOULD YOU LOSE,
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
WILL SERVE ME FOREVER.
SO, JADEN, DO YOU AGREE
TO MY TERMS?
AS AN ADDED INCENTIVE,
YOU HAVE ONLY 30 MINUTES
TO GET UP HERE.
OTHERWISE, I'LL SEND
YOUR DUEL GHOUL FRIENDS
AWAY FOREVER.
[FEEDBACK]
Bation: HE'S NOT GIVING US
MUCH OF A CHOICE NOW, IS HE?
SO, WHAT DO YOU
RECKON, JADEN?
HRGH!
IF HE WANTS A DUEL,
HE'S GOT ONE.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪